# moto3dscan
One of the popular methods to reconstruct 3D geometry with high accuracy and high resolution is to use fringe projection profilometry. Because of its high accuracy and high resolution, the method has been widely used in manufacturing, medicine and even entertainment. Instead of projecting statistical patterns (or random dot pattern) onto the object, fringe patterns are projected on to the object. Based on the captured fringe patterns, the system calculates continuously increasing phase value horizontally and vertically and that phase information decides the correspondence between the camera image and projector image pixel by pixel. Typically, the system consists of one (or two) camera and one Digital Light Processing (DLP) projector. In the research level, we have mainly focused on the accuracy of 3D geometry. However, in this project, we are going to fabricate the simplest system to capture the object in 3D. Fortunately, I found a system which has cameras with different focal length and a attachable DLP projector. It is Moto Z series. According to the recent published Prof. Zhang's paper (Zhang, Song. "Flexible and high-accuracy method for uni-directional structured light system calibration." Optics and Lasers in Engineering 143 (2021): 106637.), we can easily calibrate the system even if it has large distortion on the camera. With the cell phone and add-on projector, I am going to develop the 3D capturing system and calculate the accuracy of the generated 3D geometry. Let us have fun!

- Devices:

1) Moto Z3 (https://support.motorola.com/us/en/products/cell-phones/moto-z-family/moto-z3/documents/MS132417)
2) Motorola DLP projector (https://www.motorola.com/us/moto-mods-moto-insta-share-projector/p)
3) 3D printed structure for mirror to project patterns onto the object horizontally along the principal axis of the cell phone camera.
